[ext-docs] Update permission warnings table (#4668)
GoogleChrome/developer.chrome.com: site/en/docs/extensions/mv3/permission_warnings/index.md

{% Img src="image/BrQidfK9jaQyIHwdw91aVpkPiib2/vVw89rdJOdXFYxvgM9Sj.png",
       alt="Specify Extension Path then Click Pack Extension", height="307", width="524" %}

> Chrome will create two files, a `.crx` file and a `.pem` file, which contain the extension's
> private key.

Reviewer: Nit: currently, the construction of this sentence could mean that the `.crx` and `.pem` files both contain the extension's private key. It would be best to rephrase this line for clarity. The most straightforward solution is to make this two independent sentences.

```suggestion
Chrome will create two files, a `.crx` file and a `.pem` file. The `.pem` file contain the private key used to sign the extension.
```

    </tr>
    <tr id="contentSettings">
      <td><code>"contentSettings"</code></td>
      <td>Grants the extension access to the <a href="/docs/extensions/reference/contentSettings">chrome.contentSettings</a> API.</td>
      <td><strong>Change your settings that control websites' access to features such as cookies, JavaScript, plugins,
          geolocation, microphone, camera etc.</strong></td>
    </tr>
    <tr id="debugger">
      <td><code>"debugger"</code></td>
      <td>Grants the extension access to the <a href="/docs/extensions/reference/debugger">chrome.debugger</a> API.</td>
      <td>
        <ul>
          <li><strong>Access the page debugger backend</strong></li>

>           <li><strong>Read and change all your data on all websites</strong></li>

Reviewer: Is this the current string used in Chrome?

Author: Yes, I checked 👍

        </ul>
      </td>
    </tr>
    <tr id="declarativeNetRequest">
      <td><code>"declarativeNetRequest"</code></td>
      <td>Grants the extension access to the <a href="/docs/extensions/reference/declarativeNetRequest">chrome.declarativeNetRequest</a> API.</td>
      <td><strong>Block content on any page</strong></td>
    </tr>
    <tr id="declarativeNetRequestFeedback">
      <td><code>"declarativeNetRequestFeedback"</code></td>
      <td>Grants the extension access to functions and events which return information on declarative rules matched. See the <a href="/docs/extensions/reference/declarativeNetRequest">chrome.declarativeNetRequest</a> API for details.</td>
      <td><strong>Read your browsing history</strong></td>

>     </tr>

Reviewer: Thanks for adding this; it's overdue.

## Update permissions {: #update_permissions }

> Updating an extension with additional permissions with warnings may temporarily disable it. The user will have to

Reviewer 2: I'm not clear on what 'with warnings' adds to this sentence. Please explain it to me and I might have a suggestion.

Author: @jpmedley 
Only permissions that "**trigger a warning**" (those listed on the [table](https://deploy-preview-4668--developer-chrome-com.netlify.app/docs/extensions/mv3/permission_warnings/#permissions_with_warnings)), can potentially disable an extension.

Other permissions that don't trigger a warning (like storage, runtime, etc) will never disable the extension.

Reviewer 2: That clarifies it. Can you replace the one sentence with the two you just wrote (or something similar). Then we'll be done.

## Update permissions {: #update_permissions }

> When an extension is updated to include a new  permission that [triggers a warning][section-warnings] it may temporarily disable it. The user will have to

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
When an extension is updated to include a new permission that [triggers a warning][section-warnings] it may temporarily disable it. The user will have to
```

## Update permissions {: #update_permissions }

> Updating an extension with additional permissions with warnings will temporarily disable it. The user will have to

Reviewer: I believe the extension will only be disabled if the user hasn't already approved the warning string, but there are also subtleties here related to permission request collapsing (e.g. `"tabs"` not shown if you already have `"<all_urls>"`).

This may be a case where we can't accurately cover the nuance and should therefore encourage developers to test permissions upgrades in Chrome to see how their specific upgrade behaves.

Author: Thanks for clarifying! I'll revert this change.
